docs: add new line about no non-Latin letters in PATH to CONTRIBUTING.md (#106)
hplush/slowreader: CONTRIBUTING.md

   ```

3. Run tests to be sure that everything is OK (open issue if tests don’t work in your environment):

>    &ensp; Before you run test be shure that the project located at path without any non-Latin letters in it.

Reviewer: Let’s remove this line if we added line below.

   ```sh
   pnpm test
   ```

>    Only run tests if the project path does not contain `non-Latin` characters.

Reviewer: `<code>` highlight is for code purpose, for text highlight we have `<b>` and `<i>`.

What do you think of something like:

```suggestion
   If you have strange error, check that all folders in the path to the project use **only Latin symbols**.
```

   ```

3. Run tests to be sure that everything is OK (open issue if tests don’t work in your environment):

>    &ensp; Before you run test be shure that the project located at path without any non-Latin letters in it.

Reviewer: People do not like to read. If you put 2 long sentences together, people will read the first one and ignore the second.

It will be better to put this warning:
1. In a separated paragraph.
2. After the `pnpm test` code block to make text flow more interesting (non-boring text blocks increase readability).
3. Make it shorter.
4. Highlight `non-Latin symbols in folders` words by bold. Most people do not read, but scan. Also, it will make text flow more interesting.
